Welcome. If you're here, that means you've
already put in work. You know the
framework, listen, acknowledge, ask,
redirect, and you've seen
the most common objections.
This lesson is where it becomes muscle
memory. We're going to drill real
objections, one after another.
The exact lines sellers throw at you on
real calls. Here's the honest truth
about objection practice. You're not going
to walk away from one watch with all
of this locked in. That's not how it
works, and that's not the expectation.
What we want is reps.
Every objection you drill here makes the
real one easier to hear, and every time
one shows up on a call, you'll handle it a
little better than the last time.
Here's how each drill works. A seller
throws the objection.
You take a beat, your turn, and think
about how you'd handle it. Then I'll give
you the line I'd use, so you can compare
it against yours.
Ready for a first objection?
First up, price. This is when a seller
pushes back on the number, they want
more, or they want you to name yours
first.
I want more money.
I think we are probably capped, but I can
see if there is room.
But before I do that, are you ready to
sign and move forward today?
You give your price first.
You really don't want my number yet.
If I lead, you'll just shop it and kick me
out before I even see the house.
Since you know it best, where would you
like to be so I can see if I can come up
toward it? If you truly don't know,
imagine you did know, what would that look
like? Or think Craigslist. You wouldn't
list a car for $0 and
say, make me an offer. Give me your start
high number so I know the target.
I need to net my number in my pocket after
everything.
Understood. Let's reverse engineer it.
If that's your walkaway number, we can get
there two ways.
A lower cash price with zero fees and
speed, or closer to
your number on terms.
If I can guarantee your net without you
lifting a finger, which lane do you
prefer? Cash or terms?
I only want cash, no contingencies.
Got it. I can bring a clean cash number
with a short timeline and no
repair requests. The only box we have to
check is clear title so funds are
safe and you're protected.
If I make it simple and certain on your
schedule, are we good?
Next, competition.
These come up when the seller's shopping
around, talking to other investors, or
thinking about listing.
I'm going to list it with an agent.
That can be a great path if you've got
time and the house is list ready. If you
want speed and convenience, I'm your cash
or terms lane. Which matters more
right now, highest possible price or
certainty and timeline?
If price wins, I can often meet it with
terms.
If speed wins, I'll keep it simple and
certain.
I'm talking to other investors.
No problem. What has to happen before
selling makes sense? When
that happens, do you want me to bring a
clean cash option, a terms option
that gets you closer to your price, or
both so you've got a simple choice?
We're doing highest and best in investor
open house.
I'm probably not your buyer for a bidding
circus.
I'm the certain no-drama lane.
If that route doesn't deliver what you
want, I'll be here with a clean number
and performance. I've got it taken care of
already.
Good to hear. Out of curiosity, what path
did you choose, and what would
make it even better?
If there's a gap on timing, certainty, or
hassle, I can fill it without blowing
up your plan. I'm going to rent it
instead.
That can work if you're prepared for
vacancies, repairs, and
collections. If a tenant misses a month,
are you set to float it and
handle the calls? If not, I can turn this
into mailbox money for you without
landlording, by buying on terms at your
price and making the payment painless.
Now, delay. This is the seller who wants
to slow things down, they need
time, or they want to talk to someone
first.
I'll get back to you after I talk to my
spouse.
Absolutely. When do you two usually
connect? I'll text a simple summary
so it's easy to review together.
Then we can confirm what fits after you've
both looked it over.
I can't sell right now. I need more time.
I get it. No rush at all.
When's a good time to chat again?
I can answer more questions at that time
if you want.
I'm too busy.
Totally fair. Let's make this painless.
Do you want me to bring you a simple cash
number with no showings and a quick
close? Or a terms option that gets you
closer to your price without you lifting
a finger? I need to think about it.
Absolutely. It's a big decision, and I'd
never want you to feel rushed.
Can I ask what specifically you're
weighing?
I might be able to give you some more
information that helps.
Let's talk trust. These are the moments a
seller isn't sure who you are, or
whether they can believe what you're
telling them.
What's your company name?
Happy to share? We are a partnership, and
we close with a local title company,
so everything's transparent.
Do you prefer I email you a quick
one-pager with our info?
Do you have proof of funds?
Yes. I can send current proof of funds and
a couple of recent settlement
statements, so you can see we actually
close.
We'll keep it simple and verifiable
through title.
How did you get my number?
Public records and standard outreach.
If you prefer text or email going forward,
I'm good with that. Is the property
something you're open to selling if the
timing and terms make sense?
I want my attorney to review it.
I would encourage you to. There are
attorneys at the title company as well.
They can answer questions for you too.
If this is such a good deal, why don't you
buy it yourself?
Fair question. I do buy a lot when it fits
my portfolio.
And when it doesn't, I still solve the
problem.
Sometimes I keep it. Sometimes I partner.
Sometimes I place it with someone on my
team.
Either way, you get a clean, certain
outcome without games.
What matters more to you?
Speed or squeezing every last dollar?
Are you wholesaling this?
I place deals in a few lanes. Sometimes I
buy.
Sometimes I keep it as a rental.
And sometimes I assign it to a partner
who's the better fit.
Regardless of the lane, your price,
timeline, and certainty don't change.
Do you care who's on the other side of the
table if you get the exact outcome we
agree on? I'm worried you'll retrade me
after the inspection.
Same page. I don't play that game.
I give a number I can actually close on.
And if something truly major comes up that
neither of us knew about, we either
talk like adults or I release you cleanly
so you can move on.
Certainty over games. Fair?
I don't trust creative financing or terms.
Totally fair. Most folks haven't had it
explained clearly.
Terms just means we can trade flexibility
for price, payment,
interest, or timeline. So you get what you
want without drama. If I can hit your
price and make the monthly painless while
we close at a local title company,
does that ease the concern?
I don't want people knowing my business.
Keep it private.
Understood. We'll keep it fully
off-market.
No signs, no photos online, one discreet
walkthrough, and we
close through a local title company.
Only the people who need to know are
involved.
If privacy stays intact and the numbers
work, are you comfortable moving
forward? I'm not interested.
Completely understand.
Before I let you go, is there a reason you
responded to our outreach in the
first place? Sometimes things change over
time, and I just want to make sure we
haven't missed something.
Now, as is. These are about the house
itself, repairs,
condition, and who deals with the work.
I'll fix it myself.
Make sense if time, cash, and contractors
line up.
What's the budget and timeline you're
expecting.
If you're over that by even a little, I
can trade you convenience for price and
keep you out of contractor roulette.
You go first on the walkthrough, then I'll
decide.
Totally fine. Quick heads up though.
If I lead before I see everything, you'll
just shop my number.
Since you know the house best, where would
you like to be so I can see if I can
come up toward it? If you truly don't
know, give me your start high number so I
know the target. Then I'll confirm it
after a quick walk.
I don't want to deal with repairs or
inspections.
You won't have to.
I buy as is and keep it simple.
One quick walkthrough for photos.
So I know what I'm buying.
No punch lists. No nickel and diming.
If something major pops up we didn't know
about, we talk like adults or I
release you cleanly.
Certainty over drama.
Fair? Send your best offer by email or
text.
I don't want to talk.
I can send a clean number.
Quick heads up though.
If I shoot blind without two minutes of
context, I'll either overbid or
underbid and waste your time. Give me
condition, timing, and what you need to
walk away with. And I'll send my best in
writing and keep it straightforward.
And finally, distress.
The hardest spots?
Foreclosure. Underwater?
Behind on payments?
Where you're really there to solve a
problem.
I don't know what I owe.
So we have exact numbers.
Ballpark? Do you think you're above water?
At break even? Or a little short?
Once we see the payoff, I'll bring you a
cash option and a terms option so you
can choose what fits.
I can't get rid of my tenants.
It happens a lot. I buy with occupants in
place
and take the problem off your plate.
I'll handle cash for keys or the legal
process after closing so you
don't have to. If I make this my headache
and keep you out of court, are you
open to moving forward?
I owe too much. I'm underwater.
I'm in foreclosure.
I don't think there's time.
There's still a path if we move now.
I can bring the loan current, stop the
sale, and take over payments so you can
breathe again and rebuild your credit with
on-time pays showing up each month.
If I handle the catch-up and line up your
move, is that the outcome you want?
I need a lease back or I can't move yet.
I can close, fund you, and let you stay
for an agreed period with a
simple per-day use fee
I feel safe and I feel safe. If I give you
certainty now and the time to move
later, are we good to button this up?
You just covered a lot of ground.
Dozens of real objections that are going
to show up in your calls every single
day. Here's what I want you to take with
you. You don't need a perfect answer
memorized for every one of these.
What you need is the framework.
Listen. Acknowledge.
Ask. Redirect. And enough reps that when a
seller pushes back, a bell goes
off. That's when this training starts
doing its job.
Come back to these drills.
Rewatch the ones that didn't fully land
yet. That's not a sign you miss
something. That's just how practice works.
It sticks when you start hearing it in
real conversations.
Next up, the complex stuff. The objections
that make most people on the phone
freeze. You've got the foundation.
Let's build on it.